1. Finland's Flortum flocks to India to charge EV revolution
https://www.business-standard.com/article/economy-policy/fortum-to-power-india-s-electric-vehicles-plans-700-charging-points-119031500860_1.html

World leaders in clean energy are coming to India, since a slew of initiatives has been announced by the Central Government to power clean mobility in the country. Th latest among them is Flortum of Finland, the leader in electric vehicles charging in the Nordic region, where it has 3,000 charging stations.

The company has already put into operations 36 unmanned DC charging stations in Mumbai and Hyderabad suburbs, is planning to set up 700 charging points across India.

“We are constantly evaluating the Indian market for charging infrastructure. On our radar are the advanced cities with higher per capita incomes and people with greater disposable incomes. So, in addition to Hyderabad and Mumbai, we are looking at cities like Delhi, Chennai, Bengaluru, Chandigarh and Pune.”

2. BOSCH and NIT Calicut to jointly work on bringing EV related technologies 'on road'
https://www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/current-affairs/160319/kozhikode-bosch-nit-deal-on-electric-vehicles.html

In one of the unique arrangements seen in recent times between industry and academia on new technologies, BOSCH India Ltd and NIT Calicut have joined hands to work on EV related technologies and beinging them in 'production'.

While Bosch will provide placement, internship projects and hands on training to the students of NIT Calicut, the institute will provide EV technologies to the company which could be put on to road.

“It’s the responsibility of engineers, scientists, technocrats to develop low cost, high efficient electric vehicle transportation solutions to the general public at affordable prices.
Understanding the requirements, NITC has already started research and projects in developing EV technologies.  DC to DC converter topologies, battery power management solutions, power train drives are some of the challenging areas where NITC has already started working.”

3. NTPC puts out tender for installation of EV Charging stations across the country
https://mercomindia.com/ntpc-tender-electric-vehicle-charging-stations/

NTPC (National Thermal Power Corporation) which has already signed a MoU with leading cab services and aggregators like Ola, Shuttl and Zoom has has invited bids to set up charging stations for electric vehicles (EVs) including buses and four-wheelers, on a turnkey basis.

The successful bidder will have to supply, pack, forward, transport, store, install and commission the EV charging stations. The firm will also have to provide maintenance services for ten years.

The last date for the submission of bids is April 23, 2019. The techno-commercial bids will open on April 24, 2019.

4. India has it's own Drone Olympics (conducted at Aero Show Bengaluru in February 2019)
https://www.thenewsminute.com/article/post-drone-olympics-win-hyd-startup-thanos-demand-payload-delivery-drones-98362

Ministry of Defence along with the Drone Federation of India conducted 'Drone Olympics' at this year’s Aero Show at Bengaluru.
It was conducted between 18 – 21 February 2019  and consisted of three different challenges: The Surveillance Challenge, Supply Drop/Delivery Challenge and Drone Swarm/Formation challenge.

"The aim of the challenge was to identify startups/innovators in India with capabilities that can potentially be leveraged for several critical applications such as Medicine and Organ Delivery, Last Mile Connectivity, Disaster Relief Management among others."

5. On Monday 18th March 2019, Stanford University would present to world it's new AI Institute
https://www.eastbaytimes.com/2019/03/15/stanford-unveils-new-ai-institute-built-to-create-a-better-future-for-all-humanity/

After MIT announced it's brand new 'MIT Schwarzman College of Computing' on 15th October 2018 with a $1 Billion endowment, after just about 6 months and 3 days, Stanford would inaugurate it's new AI Institute on Monday.

The Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence would be lead by the renowned Computer Scientist Fei Fei Li, who has been Chief Scientist at Google AI and is now a researcher at Stanford University.

The institute starts with a 78 member faculty from a wide range of disciplines including computer science, medicine, law, business, economics, environmental science, linguistics, political science and philosophy. Bill Gates would deliver the keynote address on Monday's launch.

“Our goal is for Stanford HAI to become an interdisciplinary, global hub for AI thinkers, learners, researchers, developers, builders and users from academia, government and industry, as well as leaders and policymakers who want to understand and leverage AI’s impact and potential"

6. Artificial Intelligence to be part of CBSE's curriculum from 2019-2020 session
https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/chandigarh/cbse-adds-yoga-artificial-intelligence-to-curriculum/743713.html

“To make India’s generation ‘AI-ready’, the board is introducing the AI as an optional subject for Class IX and X from the 2019-2020 session onward.”  this is what CBSE (Central Board of Secondary Education) has stated in a latest announcement.

AI would be an elective subject for the students of Class XI and XII, however the board has mandated the schools to start an "Inspire Module" of AI from Class VIII itself. 
Detailed notification would follow later.
“Artificial intelligence (AI) is being widely recognised to be the power which will fuel the future global digital economy. India’s AI strategy identifies the AI as an opportunity and solution for inclusive economic growth and social development.”

7. Kumbh Mela used AI for even garbage disposal in 2019
https://www.indiatoday.in/india/story/kumbh-2019-mela-artificial-intelligence-record-1477774-2019-03-14

AI was even used for garbage disposal as an AI system routed the garbage collection vehicles, basis on bin sensor data and traffic flow inputs coming from Traffic Management System. 500 Dustbins and 48 dumping locations were tracked through GPS.

The 1,100 CCTV cameras installed by Larsen & Toubro not only monitored the movement and density of crowd but the 'facial recognition' system also kept an eye on suspicious looking individuals. There were two Integrated Command and Control (ICC) sentres set-up, one each at Kumbh and PrayagRaj which provided the concerned authorities timely alerts.

8. With TikTok, Serendipity is 'in' again !
https://www.warc.com/newsandopinion/news/tiktok_more_machine_than_human/41801

The number of friends or connections metric is slowly becoming obsolete. Having a lot of friends on your social network does not mean that, one would engage with them proactively. The reason is that, we basically know the outcome of those interactions, it is hard-wired mostly. Whom would like what?

The 'in thing' with TikTok, is 'in the moment' flings with people based on what you are currently doing.

“Imagine a version of Facebook that was able to fill your feed before you’d friended a single person. That’s TikTok.”

With TikTok, everything is extempore, from the creation to watching it's result unfold. Serendipity is 'in' again.

“You’re not actually sure why you’re seeing what you’re seeing,” said Ankur Thakkar, former editorial lead at Vine, the now defunct short-form video platform. “It [TikTok] is doing the thing that Twitter tried to solve, that everyone tried to solve. How do you get people to engage?”







