1. https://m.signalvnoise.com/the-open-plan-office-is-a-terrible-horrible-no-good-very-bad-idea/

Basecamp Founder : Open office is a horrible idea

Different departments have different work environment needs and requirements. An open office mixes them all, and creates a heady cocktail for everyone. Sales guys need to talk on phone, while developers need quiet and concentration. Keeping them together is a really bad idea.

Even when people of same domain are put in the same room, different people have different sensibilities about level of conversation or interruption.

2. https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/full/10.1098/rstb.2017.0239

The impact which  open workspaces have on collaboration among people

While the traditional workspaces have been made so called 'open', the transition has been done without the basis of any scientific study or empirical evidence.

In first of it's kind study, This research paper shows that in reality, face-to-face interaction decreased by a huge 70% , with interactions happening on IM and email only.

3. https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/heres-proof-that-open-office-layouts-dont-work-and-how-to-fix-them

The way to fix open office layouts

While accessibility is important, the noise which it produces, counters the benefits of the same.

The most effective way to build open offices is to have high partitions between the two users, between a long shared desks. The partition should be high enough to warrant standing, in case a person wants to communicate with another. 
As the height of the barrier drops, the effectiveness of it also decreases.

4. https://hbr.org/2018/01/sgc-research-when-moving-to-an-open-office-plan-pay-attention-to-how-your-employees-feel

The method for effective transition to an open office

While there are still doubts about the effectiveness of an 'open' office, there some ways, which could help the employees to transition from a traditional workspace to an open one.

Organisations should clearly set the purpose for the move to a new 'open' office.
Leaders have to be cheerleaders when moving to a new open office.
Workers should be given freedom to adapt the new workspace according to their needs and style.




